The Terra Script Test Branch is used for testing various features before bringing them together as a complete script.
The TS Test Branch also gives insight as to how the testing went and what changes were made.
To also keep things organized, the test branch will be organized using numbers.
For now the numbers will stick to 2 digits(if I end up doing more than 99 test scripts I'll laugh.
This ReadMe will stay at the top with the numbers 00
Anything in progress or completed should be 01-99
Numbers may be assigned on the To Do list before being put in progress.
This is incase something in the main branch is to be improved with something that is only on the To Do list.
This will hopefully keep searching for a specific tested script easy.
After a script is completed, it will hold the number it was given.
So say if Testing Buttons on a handout was the 3rd thing to be completed, it will be number 03
There will also be a test script reference in the main branch for when the code comes together.
In example, if an automated shop that launches based on player distance is being worked on in the main branch,
02, and 03 will be referenced in the main branch.
This way, any information to the scripts that was discovered will be easily searchable.


To Do:
(01)Test Token Automated Movement with multiple directions and variating cycles
(02)Test Automated Response for a Marker/Token getting close enough to another Token/Marker
(03)Test Buy/Sell system using Player Inventory Money Value with a logged Item List(Automated Inventory Management)
Test Buttons on a handout to see if it's possible
Test Automated Response for playing sound effects/music
Test a script for an NPC with a disguise(as well as automating a disguise check)
Test an NPC behavior script to simulate dynamic NPC behaviors based upon health
Test NPC behavior script based upon knowledge about a character(to automate reactions based on player disadvantages)
Test Long-Term scripts to see if they save when Roll20 is closed out(Make a timer, leave it running, close out Roll20, check later)
Test possible GM failsafe triggers incase a script breaks(GM and Player-Specific controlled scripts)
Test Player Companion Scripts about responding to player status (For example, expressing concern when player HP is low)
Possibly More Things Later...

In Progress:
Nothing-Quit being Lazy D:

Completed:
Nothing-I cri errytiem q_q
